what does the RIT JK here and today we
are returning to would you rather after
a long hiatus due to the fact that I
went to college and today we are with my
oh the chair say well with my mom say
hello hi how are you good how are you
good good so it's nice to be you know
return to these you haven't done these
in a while so we're gonna start off so
all you guys have to do leave some
comments with some would you rather zand
we will respond to them unless they're
like extremely dirty or gross or weird
so anyways here we go would you never
watch movies again or would you never
listen to music again never watch mood I
don't know I'm gonna feel about that mom
you're never gonna watch my movies here
oh my god oh god I was kidding I was
kidding no I would actually that would
that would actually devastate me see
this is what you get for having a movie
making son it would be never listen to
music yeah yeah I'd probably go music to
just cuz I watched too many movies but
hey all right would you rather be
homeless and everyone loves you or be
rich and everybody hates you homeless
everybody go ah yeah I probably say that
too I mean the money would be nice but
in you know it's kind of you dad yeah
age style on all right would you rather
go to school with Underpants only or
only a shirt and your lower half is
naked i'm gonna say i'd rather go to
school with underpants only well you can
your guy exactly sorry yeah it sucks for
me both sides it's not pleasant hashtag
okay i know a woman shirt only because i
could wear you lovely long shirt there
you go alright so this one's extremely
painful would you rather have a
toothpick under your toenail and have to
kick a wall as hard as you can with it
or have paper cuts all over your body
and jump into a pool of lemon juice that
you sir are sick mr. chiropractic Cairo
I don't even know how to say your name I
woods I would do the toothpick because
paper cuts hurts I know and then lemon
juice it would be just your whole body
would be in pain
where I know we just think of how much
damage that Tony would do I know but I'd
go kygo paper cuts oh my god I'd go tell
me ah God sir that gave me that gave me
pain just even thinking about it I don't
know that's a good one though very well
done would you rather have a permanent
popcorn kernel stuck in the back of your
teeth or have a knife for a finger I'm
gonna go popcorn garden that's gonna go
now I probably go knife I think the
popcorn kernel would drive me crazy it
would absolutely drive himself yeah it's
that's really painful either way would
you rather have to eat cat poop once or
have to drink pee for an entire week
who's p who's p that's a no i don't know
let's go ahead and say your own
individual i probably go my own for the
week because the cat poop could make me
I don't even want to know the cat boo
boo no thought I would be disgusting say
that even grow somber some bear grylls
stuff you know all right would you
rather have a nice home-cooked meal by
Hannibal Lecter or eat some nice cooked
in sex nice cuz ya goin sex you know
yeah your neighbor you know Hannibal
Lecter's is definitely not gonna be
anything good would you rather have your
life be hell for four years or be in
hell for four hours four hours me four
hours four hours whatever just get get
it over with exactly would you rather
have oh god this is gonna be painful
would you rather have a non poisoning
snake crawl around you and not by you or
a five spiders crawl around you oh well
spiders for me I Spanish crown snakes
would be terrifying ha ha stop okay
would you rather be a turtle or a sloth
in a race Oh a slaw i miss low I mean a
sloppy be so much cooler too it's just
cooler schlosser the man or men plural
is there is there a plural form of sloth
sloth is stuff I sloth sloth is I don't
even know all right well if you guys
have more would you rather leave them
below will be sure to answer all of your
questions follow me into
I hate that subscribe on mom any final
words hey this was fun that's doing good
bye love you all